Name: Randal Mark Obringer
email: ro120908@ohio.edu

I have added notes regarding the questions I asked from my previous submission...

I have several questions regarding the last vdump assignment...


Note: regarding my last submission I have edited me vdump program to support -hwsource and -hwdest instead
        of my previous assumption that the arguments were --hwsource and --hwdest. I believe I got this question
        answered by Dr. Osterman today after class: 24 April 2012.
One) I noticed that some of the commands tested include -hwsource and -hwdest however on the assignment
	sheet it told us to check for --hwsource and --hwdest. I believe some of my error checking grade 
	was due to this because I string check for the "--" and not just the "-". 

	If only one '-' is used to test our programs could you please edit those two lines of code and 
	retest those.

Two) I was also wondering if we could get our programs retested because I believe I have corrected many 
	of the errors in my error checking and believe retesting would yield a higher grade. 

Three) I did not know how to use the shell script to pull up the multiple terminals and run the programs 
	to the standards that you will be grading them against. However the testing I did do involved
	running vbridge on machine V (bin10100), vsend on machine A (bin00001), machine D (bin00100), and 
	machine M (bin01101), and vdump on machine A,D, and M as well to see how the bridge reacts. The behavior
	for the results I saw were as I expected them to be so in theory I suspect it to work if all of the machines
	were running their respective programs.

Note: Please disregard this one below. I have added a note to vbridge.cc on the top of the program regarding this issue. 
          No code has been changed. Intuitively my program already supported broadcasting and multicasting I just did 
          not realize it. Further explanation is given on the note. 
Four) I have not yet implemented broadcast and multicast although I don't suspect it to take me much more time to do so.
	Although I was told I could get more time to do this project and turn it in past the due date I thought I would
	turn in what I have at this point, which I believe to be 98% done as of now. 
